(film reel spinning)
- Hi, Papa.
(slow rap music)
- [Eminem] Yeah.
I know sometimes
things may not always make
sense to you right now.
But hey
what'd Daddy always tell you?
Straighten up, little soldier.
Stiffen up that upper lip.
What you cryin' about?
You got me.
♪ Hailie I know
you miss your mom ♪
♪ And I know you miss your dad
when I'm gone ♪
♪ But I'm tryin' to give you
the life that I never had ♪
♪ I can see you sad
even when you smile ♪
♪ Even when you laugh I
can see it in your eyes ♪
♪ Deep inside you wanna cry ♪
♪ 'cause you're
scared I ain't there ♪
♪ Daddy's with you
in your prayers ♪
♪ No more cryin'
wipe them tears ♪
♪ Daddy's here no
more nightmares ♪
♪ We gonna pull
together through it ♪
♪ We gonna do it Laney
Uncle's crazy ain't he ♪
♪ Ya but he loves you girl
and you better know it ♪
♪ We're all we got
in this world ♪
♪ When it spins when it swirls ♪
♪ When it whirls
when it twirls ♪
♪ Two little beautiful girls ♪
♪ Lookin' puzzled in a daze ♪
♪ I know it's confusing you ♪
♪ Daddy's always on the move ♪
♪ Mama's always on the news ♪
♪ I try to keep you
sheltered from it ♪
♪ But somehow it seems ♪
♪ The harder that
I try to do that ♪
♪ The more it backfires on me ♪
♪ All the things growin' up ♪
♪ As daddy that he had to see ♪
♪ Daddy don't want you to see ♪
♪ But you see just
as much as he did ♪
♪ We did not plan
it to be this way ♪
♪ Your mother and me ♪
♪ But things have got
so bad between us ♪
♪ I don't see us ever being ♪
♪ Together ever again ♪
♪ Like we used to be ♪
♪ When we was teenagers ♪
♪ But then of course everything
always happens for a reason ♪
♪ I guess it was
never meant to be ♪
♪ But it's just something
we have no control over ♪
♪ And that's what destiny is ♪
♪ So no more worries ♪
♪ Rest your head
and go to sleep ♪
♪ Maybe one day we'll wake up ♪
♪ And this'll all
just be a dream ♪
♪ Now hush little
baby don't you cry ♪
♪ Everything's
gonna be all right ♪
♪ Stiffen that upper
lip up little lady ♪
♪ I told ya Daddy's
here to hold ya ♪
♪ Through the night ♪
♪ I know Mommy's
not here right now ♪
♪ And we don't know why ♪
♪ We feel how we feel inside ♪
♪ It may seem a little
crazy pretty baby ♪
♪ But I promise Mama's
gonna be all right ♪
♪ It's funny ♪
♪ I remember back one year
when Daddy had no money ♪
♪ Mommy wrapped the
Christmas presents up ♪
♪ And stuck 'em under the tree ♪
♪ And said some of
'em were from me ♪
♪ 'Cause Daddy
couldn't buy 'em ♪
♪ I'll never forget
that Christmas ♪
♪ I sat up the
whole night cryin' ♪
♪ 'Cause Daddy felt like a bum ♪
♪ See Daddy had a job ♪
♪ But his job was to keep
the food on the table ♪
♪ for you and Mom ♪
♪ And at the time ♪
♪ Every house that we lived in ♪
♪ Either kept gettin'
broken into and robbed ♪
♪ Or shot up on the block ♪
♪ And your Mom was savin'
money for you in a jar ♪
♪ Tryin' to start a
piggy bank for you ♪
♪ So you could go to college ♪
♪ Almost had a
thousand dollars ♪
♪ Till someone broke
in and stole it ♪
♪ And I know it hurt so bad
it broke your Mama's heart ♪
♪ And it seemed
like everything ♪
♪ Was just startin'
to fall apart ♪
♪ Mom and Dad was
arguing a lot ♪
♪ So Mama moved back on
to Chalmers in a flat ♪
♪ One bedroom apartment ♪
♪ And Dad moved back
to the other side ♪
♪ Of Eight Mile on Novarra ♪
♪ And that's when Daddy went
to California with his CD ♪
♪ And met Dr. Dre ♪
♪ And flew you and
Mama out to see me ♪
♪ But Daddy had to work ♪
♪ You and Mama had to leave me ♪
♪ Then you started
seein' Daddy on the TV ♪
♪ And Mama didn't like it ♪
♪ And you and Laney were
too young to understand ♪
♪ That Papa was
a rollin' stone ♪
♪ Mama developed a habit ♪
♪ And it all happened too fast ♪
♪ For either one
of us to grab it ♪
♪ I'm just sorry
you were there ♪
♪ And had to witness
it firsthand ♪
♪ 'Cause I ever wanted to
do was just make you proud ♪
♪ Now I'm sittin' in
this empty house ♪
♪ Just reminiscing looking
at your baby pictures ♪
♪ It just trips me out ♪
♪ To see how much
you both have grown ♪
♪ It's almost like
you're sisters now ♪
♪ Wow guess you
pretty much are ♪
♪ And Daddy's still here ♪
♪ Laney I'm talkin' to you too ♪
♪ Daddy's still here ♪
♪ I like the sound
of that yeah ♪
♪ It's got a ring
to it don't it ♪
♪ Shh Mama's only
gone for the moment ♪
♪ Now hush little
baby don't you cry ♪
♪ Everything's
gonna be all right ♪
♪ Stiffen that upper
lip up little lady ♪
♪ I told ya Daddy'd
here to hold ya ♪
♪ Through the night ♪
♪ I know Mommy's
not here right now ♪
♪ And we don't know why ♪
♪ We feel how we feel inside ♪
♪ It may seem a little
crazy pretty baby ♪
♪ But I promise Mama's
gonna be all right ♪
♪ And if you ask me to ♪
♪ Daddy's gonna buy
you a mockingbird ♪
♪ I'ma give you the world ♪
♪ I'ma buy a diamond
ring for you ♪
♪ I'ma sing for you ♪
♪ I'll do anything for
you to see you smile ♪
♪ And if that
mockingbird don't sing ♪
♪ And that ring don't shine ♪
♪ I'ma break that
birdie's neck ♪
♪ I'll go back to the
jeweler who sold it to ya ♪
♪ And make him eat every carat ♪
♪ Don't f-- with Dad ♪
Ha ha.